Good Evening...!
Thank you for giving me this opportunity to introduce myself.
My name is Nikita Mali. I am from Tuljapur.
Currently I am pursuing my btech degree in computer science from Shri tuljabhavani college of engineering,tuljapur.
DBatu UNiversity.
my last semester CGPA is 8.51.
I completed my 12th in Shripatrao bhosale high school,Osmanabad with 63.23%
and I completed my 10th in Maharashtra vidyalaya ,Latur with 81.60%.
My hobbies are writing,travelling.
 I have good knowledge to convince the people.
 I am good in speaking,and my friendly nature.
 I also have skills like leadership,patience.
My strength is that I am honest ,patient and hard working.
My weakness is that I multitask too much.I usually give myself a hard time 
and deadline to finish work.

I am from tuljapur whose district is dharashiv. tuljapur is famous for Tuljabhavani temple. 

My Project Name is The Sassy App. 
It is An android application which comprises various safety measures 
which can be used by women with a few clicks on the screen, to get quick and 
easy access to help or to avoid harmful situations. One of the IMP features is 
that in difficult crises, if the user cannot access the mobile phone, in that 
situation the user can activate the emergency services with the module 
provided by us, which will activate the emergency service at once. For the 
activation, we provide the switch from different accessories like Handbag, 
Purse, Rings with switch (Upcoming), etc. 
 
   Features: 
• Sends emergency alerts 
• Profile management page 
• Location sharing feature 
• Innovation feature 
• Technical support 
• Activation 
 
Software Requirement: 
o Platform:- Android Studio(For App), IOS(upcoming),Arduino(For Hardware        
Connection) 
o Programming language:- JAVA(For App),C++(For Hardware) 
  
 Hardware Requirement: 
o Esp8266 it is an circuit. the programming we done is uing this circuit.
o Battery 12 volt dc direct current 
o Switch 

for notificatio we used firebase
firebase an cloud base message sharing platform ahe which is developed by google 
when we press the switch the signal go to server then server to firebase and firebase will notify to all devices.

I am from tuljapur whose district is dharashiv. tuljapur is famous for Tuljabhavani temple. 
https://www.cheggindia.com/career-guidance/hr-interview-questions-for-freshers-with-answer/#h-would-you-be-willing-to-work-overtime-during-nights-and-sometimes-on-weekends